README.md, before:

# JMLP - A Machine Learning Tool for Students and Instructors

JMLP (short for Java Machine Learning Project) is a tool created to enable students and instructors alike to learn and teach Machine Learning respectively. The goal is to enable students learn machine learning by providing immediate feedback helping them find and correct their errors in their implementations; and enable instructors to evaluate a large and diverse class of students, making it ideal for online classrooms such as MOOCs. It provides instrctors with statistics and information of the student performance.

## Environment Setup for running JMLP

To run JMLP, Java 7 or higher is required. To install Java on your PC, download and follow the instructions provided at:

http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk10-downloads-4416644.html

## Running JMLP

Click on the JMLP.jar or run

``` java -jar JMLP.jar ```

Make sure the directories ``` output``` and ``` StudentSolutionBase ``` is in the same directory as that of the jar file.

Once you start running the JMLP, click on any of the algorithms that you want to proactise and code away....

Happy learning! :)

Commit message:

v1.0 of JMLP.
Source code of JMLP as an IDEA project.
Refer to README for importing the project and running it.
JAR of this is soon to come.

README.md, after:

# JMLP - A Machine Learning Tool for Students and Instructors

JMLP (short for Java Machine Learning Project) is a tool created to enable students and instructors alike to learn and teach Machine Learning respectively. The goal is to enable students learn machine learning by providing immediate feedback helping them find and correct their errors in their implementations; and enable instructors to evaluate a large and diverse class of students, making it ideal for online classrooms such as MOOCs. It provides instrctors with statistics and information of the student performance.

## Environment Setup for running JMLP

To run JMLP, Java 7 or higher is required. To install Java on your PC, download and follow the instructions provided at:

http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk10-downloads-4416644.html

## Running JMLP

Currently, the source code of JMLP, as an IDEA project is available.
Clone the repository, import it into IntelliJ or create a project in your favorite IDE, copy the code, and
build it, and run it.

Once you start running the JMLP, click on any of the algorithms that you want to proactise and code away....

We are working on creating a jar of this project and will be made available soon.

Happy learning! :)

## LICENSE

The JMLP and evrything related to it is licensed under GPL v2.0.
